Everyone is lying in wait for my fucking Spring menu.
You know, maybe it is all in my head, but you're in it now, Virgil, up to your fucking neck!
A key might get him out; a weapon would get him killed.
You're being ridiculous.
these Russian helicopters, each one of them will be shot from the sky.
Two more traitors arrested and hung.
Shit, Sook, I looked everywhere.
They started making love, but to his surprise, Sam could not maintain an erection.
Hey, with enough curse mojo, you can turn a freaking pencil into a weapon of mass destruction.
his mute dog rolled a coin from his pouch and tossed it to the ground before the witch.
I've seen a lot, but fuck you!
the pig king, the Nighthawk... they're nothing.
you'd better get a nasty high mortgage on your neck.
Pigs are here, John-Joe!
Did you really think that when we got you, I would be a nice fucking guy?
Parents have drug problems.
do you really want to kill him by arguing about Sal?
I will return this scoundrel to his country.
we pay $200 in cash to anyone who shoots whoever's holding him there.
spare me the bullshit.
Look, he may be a pain in the ass, but he's my responsibility.
hey, someone less noble than me...... might think he can beat your shit out of your body...... without fear of revenge.
now listen, mate, cut the crap and grab the shovel.
he's a hunchback from the city.
And I don't want to ruin everything just 'cause of two fucking times.
he thought he'd cut off Yaakov Pearlstein's head.
women and fags.
I,m not having sex with guys.
So... ...you went to university,you got yourself a first-class degree... ...a prestigious law prize... ...worked with a bunch of fat cats....
one shot and you'll never walk again.
Up and down Route Irish, like a fuckin’ yo-yo.
if Yabu were a woman or a man of a weaker character, he would surely be beaten in his chest, waxing and riling his hair.
you need some damn good tires now.
we all hope to put another slap in the Galu today, and that we are going to put up with the kiss of their arrogant and patronizing, neglected positions that they take to us.
Jesus, Mac, who gives a shit?
the worst, most miserable place in the world.
Debbie was the best thing that ever happened to me... and you drove her away because of your stupid obsession with how people look.
Yeah, well, you make me nuts.
"You have to cock it," I said.
They'll scalp and skin the lot of you.
someone's gonna die.
They kidnap you and drug you... and before you know it, you're in a bathtub and your kidneys are on eBay.
What if it was told to kill?
Don't you think My brother said He was beaten severely by a bitch here last year.
Shoot five!
you got your butt and your tits on a whole new level, Van Bro.
they'll kill him?
I could never hold a knife to Tyler's throat.
I didn't want to kill her.
By which time I shall be gone, and you... ...shall be dead.
security saw him at the junkyard, and he was stupid enough to be a hero.
you son of a bitch.
But the problem with you is that you don't think it's fucked up
he's gonna piss blood.
Get the hell out of here!
I do not like you, I do not trust you, And I will do whatever it takes To cut you out of victoria's life
And I kind of love that you're gay.
But women use their tears to fool everyone.
These guys were bullies.
this will be free of charge, which makes the tax an absolute zero, meaning that 15% of the tips will get big balls.
But I can't because they're both idiots.
"Seminar," with quotes around it, like it's a silly idea or something.
come in and you'll see our "sex acts" girls and Joey Evans.
Shit. I'm sorry.
Curse... curse the delusion of youth!"
that's why there are so many fools.
Apparently, he has suffered a kind of mental nervous breakdown.
every time I try to pack a picture, something breaks up, and I feel really stupid.
get out of the fucking car!
it stinks in here.
It's fuckin' weird.
sit your ass down, and let us do your job.
But who gave you the right, goddamn it! I will...
'Wouldn't it be awful if it got screwed on wrong?'
Do you kiss your imaginary girlfriend with that mouth? I do, but she's real.
